zach levine looks like the type of guy
that tries his girlfriend's bra
in college as a joke but kind of liked
it
i bet deandre jordan is so bad at free
throws because his eyes are so close
together
these people are mean you and your
pineapple head mike conley
that's the look i was going for
financially personally i think paul
george could be traded
for like half a bag of saltine crackers
the dopest thing about car anthony towns
is that he looks like a gigantic
extraordinarily athletic baby
devin booker looks like a fancy lesbian
jay williams is a perfect studio analyst
his left eye is looking at his co-host
while his right eye is looking into the
camera
if you look up the word douche
in the dictionary you'll see a picture
of hitler
but in the picture he's holding up a
photo of caron butler
all right come on man that's that's
truly harsh right there
driver's hairline foo foo as hell
that's just his forehead wrinkled up
tail while frasier just said his old
pork chop sideburns ass down
michelle beetle's hair looks like it
hasn't been washed since the late
90s technically not all this is even my
hair
so maybe it hasn't i'm pretty sure
joanna made as the iq of a squirrel
okay james harden always looks like he's
just about to lead the israelites
through the red sea maggie johnson
becoming gm
is just another reminder that any stupid
person
can do anything they set their mind to
i don't think shaq is dumb but he sure
sounds like it
[Applause]
no
hi i'm jimmy kimmel if you like that
click the subscribe button below
and good things will happen forever